fix: `notation plugin install` error messages and tests (#855)
notaryproject/notation: specs/commandline/plugin.md

Flags:
  -d, --debug              debug mode
      --file               install plugin from a file on file system
      --force              force the installation of the plugin
  -h, --help               help for install
      --sha256sum string   must match SHA256 of the plugin source, required when "--url" flag is set

>       --url                install plugin from an HTTPS URL. The default plugin download timeout is 10m0s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --url                install plugin from an HTTPS URL. The plugin download timeout is 10m0s
```

### Install a plugin from file system

> Install a Notation plugin from file system. Plugin file supports `.zip`, `.tar.gz`, and single plugin executable file format. The checksum validation is optional for this case. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install a Notation plugin from the file system. When installing a plugin from a remote location, both `.zip` and `.tar.gz` file formats are supported. Additionally, installing a plugin from an executable file on the host system is also supported. In this scenario, checksum validation is optional.
```

Author: @priteshbandi This paragraph is for `installing from file system` only. Updated both `install from file system` and `install from URL` based on your comments.
